API docs creation (#6)
kubecost/docs-cloud: apis/accessing-endpoints.md

# Accessing API Endpoints

> Kubecost Cloud has select endpoints available for API access. The default API access endpoint will be `api.app.kubecost.com`. Obtaining access involves generating an API key value, which is then used to generate a personal access token, which is used to retrieve your team ID value. The token and team ID value will then allow you to make queries.

Reviewer: The team ID is already available as a request header. Getting access to that is not related to the personal access token. 

```suggestion
Kubecost Cloud has select endpoints available for API access. The default API access endpoint will be `api.app.kubecost.com`. Obtaining access involves generating an API key value, which is then used to generate a personal access token. The token, together with your team ID, will then allow you to make queries.

```

Author: Bit confused, the doc I referenced shows the command used to retrieve the team ID requires you to input the personal access token. Assuming this interpretation is incorrect?

Reviewer: That's correct, you need the personal access token to access eg. https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/user, which returns team information. However, you can get the team ID through other means as well, without needing the personal access token -- for example, if you inspect any page in KC Cloud, you can find the team ID in any of the request headers.

I've got a frontend [PR in review](https://github.com/kubecost/kubecost-frontend/pull/1181) to add a new "Team Info" section at the bottom of the Settings page, where we would display the current team name and ID. This would be by far the easiest way to obtain it. Once that's merged I'll let you know!

Reviewer: Ok, this has been merged. See the screenshot in the PR description

Author: Awesome addition, thanks for doing that. I'll replace this section with a simpler means of finding the Team ID

## Access tutorial

### Step 1: Generating an API key value

> To get started, visit *Settings* in the Kubecost Cloud UI, then under 'My API Key', select *Generate Key*. A key value will generate in a text box with a lifespan of one month. Save this value, as it will never be retrievable later. Kubecost will not save this value. You can remove the key value, and consequently access to it, by selecting *Remove Key*. This will not provide a warning after being selected, so be careful to not permanently delete your key.

Reviewer: We _do_ save this key as we need to validate it, so I removed that from the paragraph. While users do need to be careful and store the key once generated (it will not be displayed again), it's not a major issue if they lose access to it. They can remove (ie. revoke) the existing key then create another. 

I've tried to rephrase to convey this message but feel free to refactor if you see fit!

```suggestion
To get started, visit *Settings* in the Kubecost Cloud UI, then under 'My API Key', select *Generate Key*. A key value will generate in a text box with a lifespan of one month. Save this value, as it will not be retrievable later. Only one key can exist at any given time for a given user. Remove the existing key to generate a new one. 

```

### Step 2: Generating a personal web token

With your generated API key value, run the following command to generate a personal access token:

```

> curl --location --request POST 'https://app.kubecost.com/api/token' \

Reviewer: This is actually a KC-Auth API: 

```suggestion
curl --location --request POST 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/token' \

```

--header 'X-API-Key: <KEY_VALUE>'
```

The generated token is short-lived and expires after ten minutes. This token can be used in token authentication for API requests to all available Kubecost endpoints.

### Step 3: Generating your team ID value

You will also need to retrieve your team ID value. This is a value associated with your [Kubecost Cloud team](/installation-and-onboarding.md#managing-teams). Run the following command with your generated token:

```

> curl --location 'https://auth.stage.kceng.dev/api/user' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --location 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/user' \

```

--header 'Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN_VALUE>'
```

### Step 4: Authenticating

Finally, you need to authenticate your token. Use the following command:

```

> curl --location 'https://api.stage.kceng.dev/query/allocation/query?window=7d&aggregate=cluster&idleByNode=false&idle=false' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl --location 'https://app.kubecost.com/query/allocation/query?window=7d&aggregate=cluster&idleByNode=false&idle=false' \

```

## Access tutorial

### Step 1: Generating an API key value

To get started, visit *Settings* in the Kubecost Cloud UI, then under 'My API Key', select *Generate Key*. A key value will generate in a text box with a lifespan of one month. Save this value, as it will not be retrievable later. Only one key can exist at any given time for a given user. Remove the existing key to generate a new one. 

### Step 2: Generating a personal web token

With your generated API key value, run the following command to generate a personal access token:

```
curl --location --request POST 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/token' \

--header 'X-API-Key: <KEY_VALUE>'
```

The generated token is short-lived and expires after ten minutes. This token can be used in token authentication for API requests to all available Kubecost endpoints.

### Step 3: Generating your team ID value

You will also need to retrieve your team ID value. This is a value associated with your [Kubecost Cloud team](/installation-and-onboarding.md#managing-teams). You can find this ID at the bottom of *Settings*, in the 'Team Info' section.

![Team ID](/images/teaminfo.png)

> ### Step 4: Authenticating

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 4: Using the API endpoints

```

> Finally, you need to authenticate your token. Use the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To verify your token is working, authenticate to the Kubecost Cloud API access route. For example:
```

### Step 2: Generating a personal web token

With your generated API key value, run the following command to generate a personal access token:

```
curl --location --request POST 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/token' \

--header 'X-API-Key: <KEY_VALUE>'
```

The generated token is short-lived and expires after ten minutes. This token can be used in token authentication for API requests to all available Kubecost endpoints.

### Step 3: Generating your team ID value

You will also need to retrieve your team ID value. This is a value associated with your [Kubecost Cloud team](/installation-and-onboarding.md#managing-teams). Run the following command with your generated token:

```
curl --location 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/user' \

--header 'Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN_VALUE>'
```

### Step 4: Authenticating

Finally, you need to authenticate your token. Use the following command:

```

> curl --location 'https://app.kubecost.com/query/allocation/query?window=7d&aggregate=cluster&idleByNode=false&idle=false' \

Reviewer: Oops my bad - this will actually be 
```suggestion
curl --location 'https://api.app.kubecost.com/query/allocation/query?window=7d&aggregate=cluster&idleByNode=false&idle=false' \

```

## Access tutorial

### Step 1: Generating an API key value

To get started, visit *Settings* in the Kubecost Cloud UI, then under 'My API Key', select *Generate Key*. A key value will generate in a text box with a lifespan of one month. Save this value, as it will not be retrievable later. Only one key can exist at any given time for a given user. Remove the existing key to generate a new one. 

### Step 2: Generating a personal web token

With your generated API key value, run the following command to generate a personal access token:

```
curl --location --request POST 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/token' \

--header 'X-API-Key: <KEY_VALUE>'
```

The generated token is short-lived and expires after ten minutes. This token can be used in token authentication for API requests to all available Kubecost endpoints.

### Step 3: Generating your team ID value

> You will also need to retrieve your team ID value. This is a value associated with your [Kubecost Cloud team](/installation-and-onboarding.md#managing-teams). Run the following command with your generated token:
> 
> ```
> curl --location 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/user' \
> 
> --header 'Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN_VALUE>'
> ```

Reviewer: We could possibly add an image here as well? 

```suggestion
You will also need to retrieve your team ID value. This is a value associated with your [Kubecost Cloud team](/installation-and-onboarding.md#managing-teams). You can find this ID at the bottom of the Settings page, in the Team Info section.
```
```suggestion
You will also need to retrieve your team ID value. This is a value associated with your [Kubecost Cloud team](/installation-and-onboarding.md#managing-teams). Run the following command with your generated token:

```
curl --location 'https://auth.app.kubecost.com/api/user' \

--header 'Authorization: Bearer <TOKEN_VALUE>'
```

```
